replace instanceSelector by instanceAllowList (#2197)
spotinst/help: src/docs/ocean-spark/configure-spark-apps/memory-&-cores.md

```json
{
  "driver":{
    "cores":2,
    "instanceAllowList":["r5.large", "r5d.xlarge"]
  },
  "executor":{
    "cores":4,
    "instanceAllowList":["r5d"]
  }
}
```

So if you have a specific need, you can pick a specific instance type. In most cases, we recommend you to target an entire instance family. This gives Ocean the flexibility to pick an optimal instance type based on the instances available in your cluster and the current Spot market dynamics.

If you omit the instanceAllowList field, your Spark executor pods will be able to run on any instance type, preferably filling up nodes which have available capacity, before adding new nodes to the cluster. This gives Ocean Spark a lot of flexibility to pick Spot nodes at the lowest cost. However, Spark applications can perform differently depending on the instance family on which they run (e.g. due to network and disk performance). For this reason, we recommend targeting a specific instance family using the instanceAllowList field to ensure the deterministic and reliable performance of your production workloads.

## Configuring the memory

> You do not need to explicitly request an amount of memory, as Ocean Spark will automatically determine the optimal amount of memory based on the cores and instanceAllowList fields to maximize bin packing.

Reviewer: I think we must also explain what happens when families with different memory/core ratios are provided

Author: I tried to explain it in ca574af2. Not sure if it's clear though.

Reviewer: Thanks! Added a small suggestion

{ "executor": { "cores": 4, "instanceAllowList": ["m5"] } }
```

> Ocean Spark will determine how much memory to request so that each Spark executor exactly utilizes the memory available on an m5.xlarge instance (which has four available cores), or half of an m5.2xlarge instance (which has eight available cores). If you select several instance families with different memory/core ratio, Ocean spark will use the smallest memory/core ratio to compute the requested memory in order to maximize bin packing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ocean Spark will determine how much memory to request so that each Spark executor exactly utilizes the memory available on an m5.xlarge instance (which has four available cores), or half of an m5.2xlarge instance (which has eight available cores). If you select multiple instance families with different memory/core ratios, Ocean spark will fit the pods to the smallest memory/core ratio to maximize bin packing.
```
